Tabbed Inventory
by StormingLeech Productions

Setup:
Import All into your game.
You can discard the Demo folders if you like. Those are only for showing a working demo.
You can replace the tab sprites with anything you like. You can duplicate tab objects
to make more tabs, delete tab objects, and rename tab objects.

How to make it work:
1) The inventory uses up a room. If you are making a shop, you should make one room for 
each different shop (but not one room per tab). The width of the room should be set like this:
(number of tabs) x (width of room)

2) Add a background graphic to your room. Turn on horizontal tiling so that you can see
the area where each tab will occur.

3) Enable the use of views. Set view[0] so that the view width and port width are the
desired width of the game window, and so that the view height and port height are the
desired height of the game window. Set the view to be enabled at the start.

4) Set the x and y position for view[1] to be in the upper left corner of the place where
the content for the first inventory tab should appear. Set the view and port width and height
to the amount needed to match the content area.

	In the example, notice how the background graphic has an empty area in the lower right
	This area is where content for each tab will go, and view[1] is set up to surround 
	this area.

5) Position tab objects in the room. These should be within view[0], but not within view[1]
(See the Demo room for an example). There can be many tabs. It is important that each tab
calls event_inherited() in its create event, and that each tab has a tabNum that represents
the order of its placement in the room. You can place tabs in whatever manner you wish, but
remember that the number of each tab determines how far to move view[1].

6) Position items in the room. There are many ways that this might work, so that is not part
of the scope of this asset. If this is an inventory, items might be placed by a controller 
object. If it's a shop, you might just place items onto each area of the room corresponding
to a particular tab.